Force the injected high-priority classes in order to avoid NoClassDefFoundError. (#292)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Upgrade gson to 2.8.9.
* Upgrade netty-codec-http2 to 4.1.79.Final.
* Fix race condition causing agent to not reconnect after network error

> * Fix enhance high priority classes which is put by hashmap causing NoClassDefFoundError

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Force the injected high-priority classes in order to avoid NoClassDefFoundError.
```
